it's one of the most recognizable
traditions in college sports and around
Columbus it's known as the incomparable
script ohio but what happens when you
take a 72 year old ritual and put it on
ice we had a meeting about six years ago
and came up with this idea I wonder if
we can do script ohio on the ice it's a
whole nother element I mean it's
slippery it's it's wet it's you know
that the fear of ice is just there the
best damn band on ice perform script
ohio twice a year with a few changes
from the real thing it's a unique
experience on the ice because there are
no yard lines like on a football field
here I think we go for come out in the
block band and then we form the oh the
age then lied and then the culmination
is the sousaphone player is dotting the
I as well little lower step cuz this
isn't exactly grass this I so don't want
to fall and so everyone's a little bit
lower not a swing banish I'll say is we
normally are well that's the band
members and they'll tell you the glory
is just the same except the only
difference here is you don't want to do
ah you don't want to do something like
that as far as I know there's never been
anyone to slip and fall during the
performances I'm not sure about practice
but as far as I know no one's following
performance but there are these
wonderful little devices you can put on
their feet with little metal spikes in
them and that keeps them from falling on
the ice and so we got about 200 pairs of
those things we almost lost an eye
daughter a year ago but he stuck the
landing so to speak I could actually do
better than I thought so like with the
with the little thing on our flight was
much easier it's not exactly the same
but still the same script while but it's
a unique experience you know script
Ohio's ours and to put it on ice is just
phenomenal